Egos and arrogance are not good
traveling companions when it comes to
communicating and they are the same ones
that have led rebor
to look completely ridiculous on this occasion it is
completely understandable that on many
occasions when creators want to
carry out an exclusive project
that they are working on with all the
enthusiasm in the world It leads them to
behave in a hostile way with
others When they feel threatened or when they
feel violated and believe that
someone wants to take their idea away from them what has
happened on this occasion is that rebor has been
guilty of being arrogant and having a Chan mouth And just as
on other occasions we have
applauded his attitude of not keeping quiet about anything
This time he has slipped like never before
even leading him to abandon the
global rp server that he had run and
administered until now What's up
my kids I'm Javi oliveira
welcome one more day to the Channel
first of all I have to apologize
for abandoning the Channel in
recent days but I have excuses I am
very happy to announce that we have been
working in recent weeks
months on a rewind by now it is
finished we are finishing
rendering iar and I have to  promise cinema is
a ruine in which you are going to see a review
of all the things that have happened
during the year I have asked for collaborations
and sketches from all the creators with whom I am in
contact you will see I am not going to tell you
much or spoil much
just stay tuned on
December 28th at 8 pm it will
premiere on the 27th you will already have
the premiere scheduled here on the channel
So write it down so that you activate
notifications and so on I ask you to
support it a lot because there is a
lot of work behind it and I promise you
cinema I think it will not disappoint you here
here I will be putting the
schedules for all your countries okay
But still stay tuned
because on the 27th we will already be programming it
attentive gentlemen because today I bring you
something with which not only will you be
able to save on your favorite purchase
but also this application gives you
back some casba while you
are shopping it is about hipsy.com
where you can find all kinds of
cards not only gift cards but
purchase cards in  general Amazon hbo
Netflix olifan anyway whatever you want
but be careful because I have also sent a little
gift for you and it is a
promotional code with which apart from that cb
you will get a 5% discount code
here is the code Javi or and do not
forget to also download the
sem application where they will send you and you
will accumulate the cashback sen is your account
that you are going to create in this application it is
very easy to install it is free
also some products have a
percentage of cashback that would have to be
added to our discount code I will
be showing you the
products that have this
special discount to the 5% of our discount
on several of these products you will have an
11% discount So wake up
because they are the best prices on the
market that you can find in the
description of this video in the
pinned comment the links where you can
find everything You're welcome and we continue with
the video rebor is a streamer who
became famous a few years ago because he
won the lottery and not exactly the one
that the children of sanilde fonso sing And
rebor was fortunate enough to cross
his path  with auron Play while
rebor was one of the ringleaders in the
administration of the server where the
creator of AB ducam a began his
adventure in role-playing the already famous
Pain rp that we have messed with the
family that we had messed with the
family and that the sky was going to fall on
us Oh be careful I'm very
scared the sky was going to fall on
you however various controversies
including the non-acceptance the non-
invitation of perchita to the server
by rebor unfortunately we have not been
invited to
role-play in Spain That is the answer if you wanted more gossip if you wanted more answers more questions Well here you won't have them for now a greeting that's it man or a disagreement with ooser in a wipe that they wanted to do in
which aer was not very keen on the work
wiper Spain I don't even know what they are doing
the truth is I don't know what they want to do I
have no idea they will end up making
rebor abandon this project
focusing on their own projects not taking long to
announce their own server today
global rp which rebor himself has
said on several occasions that he has
everything registered and  that all the
server code was original and owned And
last but not least all the
server code is registered by
dmc everything is registered absolutely everything
all the code is owned belongs to
global period and has a copy and so we
can add up this click that you
just heard was the beginning
of supervision along with this thread of a
certain sajax who apparently is one of the
main workers on the
original server in which in short he is
accused of having stolen and plagiarized because
the Marbella bis base we are talking about
optional codes even some
quite shameless designs not to my liking
you can stop the video if you want to read
the thread a bit But anyway in
short he comes to accuse him
And also they would not have said anything to him
if it hadn't been for this cli in which
the guy was beating his chest
saying that he had everything registered
that everything was his original and that he also had
it registered warning
people in addition to other servers to be
careful when using anything of his that he
had everything in his name hours later a
hacker got into the game
and  He recriminated all this leaving him with no
escape so that Rebor would have no choice
but to respond in the same
live what I want you to answer me
is a very simple thing and I'm going
Why do you steal work and take it for yourself
What work is all the programming of
globalization rp And what aspect of the
programming exactly all that is
all the what specific are you referring to the
cubc espa system That is that in Pakistan
they are throwing bombs and it leaves me No of course
I ask you do you mean the
completely free cubec for
that very reason then whatever cubec is not registered correctly because it is that simple here there is no adena It's worthless And the work of origin What work Which which why are you going crazy re which tell me which all of us who are in this world of F
know what we are seeing okay
I am not going to read any Twitter thread
I have not entered Twitter for more than
two months what I am going to do
directly is talk to origin
personally and not send me a callus
to [ __ ] up my server Because you
are nothing more than a lackey because these
things in  instead of dealing with them privately it's
better to [ __ ] off and come here to screw you
rebo responded to the hacker in a
completely blunt manner in an attitude in which he
seemed quite sure of what he was
saying affirming that he was going to
organize an audit with origin
to verify that this was not true
So that they could see that he had not stolen
anything I have already made an introduction of
the things that are on the server So I'm
going to take it they have gone so far as to put
a person here with Chetos and
others to start blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah perfect Well now I'm going to go
private and we're going to talk about things
as they are Okay and let's go over
absolutely everything perfect that's it
because I had already seen this I
saw it coming and in fact everything is
meticulously registered audited
everything is nickel plated and the things that are being
taught here on the server are not
even known by Christ period that's it and as I
was saying before he even went to the
point of warning other creators of
other servers to be careful if there
is a coincidence that could be
his So now I'm going to ask for
explanations and in fact he leaves  to go to what has to go
because this also
seems to me a spectacular lack of respect
And just because of this fact
even scripts are ours that are being
used on another server Now I am going
to ask for Jacki to leave that does not
have anything to do with aunt rebor you already know
neither Jacki nor her father has been a
key piece in this controversy and in this
discussion from the first moment she confronted
rebor without cutting absolutely a
[ __ ] hair despite the warnings of
this one for example from the
marvell account By put this tweet they stole
everyone except the principles and the thing is that
rebor has always been guilty of being a
mouthy in this controversy or well in the
first place a person who understands
this not who understands roler Play Maybe they
are things that I cannot
realize and for me they can go
unnoticed not because you show me
and say look, they have the same
options Look, it is that it has the same
loading animation or the same tattoos
or things like that and for me it will
surely go unnoticed because
I can say Well, they are not
the basic options but  for a
person like rebor who is dedicated to this
evidently there were many things that
were very shameless rebor stopped carrying
humility as a flag took the
situation further and when he
found a server that was
also called global ojo server that
was created before his own he proceeded
to register it and someone from his team
began to contact the people of this
service warning them that they had to
change the name because the brand
belonged to them when I found out
that the server was called global rp I
said it seems like a pretty normal name
quite common as common as that this
server or rather like global rp already
existed there was already a server since
2023 that was called global rp
exactly like that okay a server that
is in operation that has its
social networks that was open What
happened they come to me and tell me eh the people
from the old global rp the one that already
existed that people from the new
global rp server arrived and started
threatening them saying that they had registered
the global rp brand and that if they didn't
change the name they were going to take
legal action against them okay or so
the new global rp the new global rp of
from rebor they were threatening another
server that already existed by registering the
name as I was telling you Jacki has
been a key piece in this controversy she
has not laughed at any time and
live she did not hesitate to expose with
evidence that rebor was lying I have a
folder called thief
1 and thief 2 where I have a ton of
photos it all started eh with the tweet that
a new server was going to open okay eh
this was the video basically I'm going to
put it for you okay This was the video and I don't
have my camera I don't know why Let's see a
second the camera okay This is the
video Okay they are going to warn you about the Callo
of origin no no but yes let's see they have
stolen origin and they have also robbed
me indirectly You know I mean the thief
Marbella has been huge It's okay nothing happens
okay This was the tweet they put up and
with this tweet I already knew that there had been a sleeve
sleeve mang only without clicking
on the video eh just with this you guys
How do you think that I have realized that
this guy has robbed me he has
robbed us because the work is all of
origin how how  I know guys you
no no the map no the map no guys there is
something There is something There is something here that you have to you have to
know eh you have to
know apart from the HD because the HD
can also be a bit of a copy but there is something
effectively friends down on the right
down on the right the normal one that the
normal one with the Flash in Pink what is that
you have not even deigned to change it
you have not even deigned to change it bastard with the
same font already with that I said Well or
Kinos did it what could be or manga
rumia and effectively manga rumia manga
rumia Indeed it is that eh I thought
that well that the base had stopped it had
changed and nobody was going to
notice anything but it's that things
have gotten bad Jacki was
exposing several of the things that
coincided and that very likely
were stolen by the
rebor server one of the most shameless things
for me is the tattoos or in other words
rebor wanted to put copyright on some
tattoos that a girl had created
for the other server And by the way,
Juan Guarnizo did not miss the
opportunity to  hit rebor a couple of sticks,
one reaffirming that it was pretty
obvious that they were stealing from Marbella and the
other accusing that rebor doesn't
like to accept its mistakes, I saw it through a
Jacki clip where basically one
of the many things they stole from
Marbella was the live streaming system
that was in Marbella that we
used for Marbella half, which was
my idea. I had a meeting with Jacki and
then I had a meeting with kinox to
talk about whether this was possible to do and
why I thought they should include it,
then people were saying that
indirectly he stole some idea of mine,
yes, it's not knowing how to keep your head down because
the only times he's kept his
head down is when his people, his own
community, have turned on him because he
knows that he needs them to have a
daily bread, so I think it's
good that he continues with that attitude and let's see
how much and not just Jacki, Juan
guarnizo, this became a
kind of snowball in which more
creators spoke out about it,
for example Nexus who even went so far as to
ask his followers not to
join that server, see there's a
server called  global rp and they
have allegedly literally copied
all the damn code that
these guys had made they have allegedly stolen
all the code So if you have the
opportunity to enter this server
do not do it because it is a server that
has allegedly stolen all the
scripts then they came out saying that they do
not want their scripts that they had been
working for two months that I do not know what on the
part of rebor at first then
we will see how he ends up collecting cable
but his attitude apart from the arrogance of
the warnings of the threats with
complaints by rebor
completely cocky attitude arrogance then
also victimizing himself saying that all
this was part of a Sabotage that he was
suffering harassment in the first instance
as you well know in global rp there are a
series of subjects that are currently
identified and that are dedicated to
sabotaging the server from within not so
much inside with from outside that is something that
is certain science and the subjects
are 100% identified secondly the
harassment campaign that I have been able to verify
during these last two three days
seems shameful to me a real
shame and he is going to go live
warning of lawsuits because he  He
declared himself innocent of the accusations of
theft, he warned the gossip channels and
some media outlets that he was
going to sue them because they were
tarnishing his image, the aristocrats and
opportunists, I will open an investigation, in
fact it is already in process, we are going to open
an investigation on the subjects who are
currently committing
more than obvious irregularities, okay, and they
think they are good vigilantes, no, no, I
forced myself to go further, how much can I
say? You can make me appear on
gossip channels, you can make
newspapers like Mob Star Marca and others
publish real atrocities, which
by the way, Mob Stary Marca, I will denounce you
and we are going to go eh directly for
financial compensation for
damages, I am telling you in advance, both
Movestar and Marca, you have about 48 hours
to withdraw the articles that you have
published, otherwise I will take
legal action and they will be harsh and severe.
I have a team of lawyers who will
perfectly ensure that they pay
for what is being done to me, but
listen to me, in addition, in the same live broadcast
in which he is warning everyone  the
world with lawsuits and be careful with what you
say about him he starts accusing
another creator betra Neither more nor less than
fraud all these programmers
that have come out like for example we
could say vetra is not a scammer
which I will also demonstrate do not
worry basically infamous it is a
TV store in its entirety of how it
scammed us in 2000 when 2020 I think it was
2020 eh selling them a server that was
literally a copy of cubus where it was
justified in a rather
poor way but yes here there was
an element a little different from the
previous live shows And the thing is that by this
time he was already washing his hands a little
saying that he did not program
that he had never programmed I have never
seen how programmers and so on Jacki and
more people who said this is a copy is
a copy is a copy of course I absolutely
refused to believe it because
I was constantly assured no
This is not a copy this This is something
that we have done from scratch such I do not know what
and we have not  I know how long
I've been doing it etc etc So I directly
called Kinox, I directly called
Kinox, which is the owner of the original, and I said
please show me how is it possible that there is
a copy or something here, or rather
please explain it to me. I need you to explain it to me
because I don't understand this.
No, I don't understand it. I'm not a
programmer, so I need you to
explain it to me step by step. I studied
programming,
law, telecommunications, advertising programming,
and then different courses, different
courses with. Well, isolated diplomas, he hasn't
lacked anything, he founded Twitch. What I
'm telling you is a total mouthpiece. I mean, if
you understand programming, if you
also understand roleplay, you can't
ignore the coincidences
from one server to another, and the issue of the
codes, the options are Access. I don't
think this man stole the
code on purpose. I imagine that he
hired people to make these
codes for him, no, and to program the server, and
that he probably wasn't aware
of so many coincidences. But damn, if they
're warning you that there are things
that are stolen, no, or plagiarized from the other
server. Before speaking  so fast he
downshifts a couple of gears You don't even
believe it yourself You're taking all the blame off yourself
Just in case because tomorrow they're going to
shut down your server and you're going to say Wow, it's that they've
screwed me over You've already done it
with the video The video stolen from an
American server What did he say No, eh,
we paid for it but I had
nothing to do with it I haven't had any conversations
or anything That's what happens to me Maybe
they've deceived them You know what that is,
making a little way That's making a little way
Come on, I haven't done anything illegal But well I don't
want to assume my mistake but I'm going to make a little way for
them No, no, I have nothing to do with it but I haven't done anything Yes, I haven't done
anything and everything done
to finally rebor go on a
live after all the paraphernalia
that had formed with the
copyright issue, the registrations, the lawsuits
that he was going to file both for
copyright and those that he was going to file for
defamation to collect cable recognize
that having examined everything he would end up
accepting that things had been done wrong
Of course, without recognizing that he
had any fault I'm not out of my
[ __ ]  amazement because I don't
want to believe it Why why don't I
even want to talk to the programmer I don't
even want to talk to him because I don't understand the
scruples that there may be here
knowing all of this all the
[ __ ] all the [ __ ] [ __ ] that I've
had to swallow knowing about it and
me on top of that reaching the limits to tell him
No it's that you're accusing me of I don't know
what eh I'm going to go for The legal and all what
would be the limit This is not done
this is not done to someone none of
us had a [ __ ] clue and going so far as to
say live watch out
this is strong eh that with all this
controversy of these days he had come
to give several microin I don't know how to
explain it I mean I'm just going to
say it even if no one believes me last night I had
a heart attack I haven't slept
I'm completely destroyed on all
[ __ ] levels and I insist I don't think
he stole it with the intention of
stealing it I think it was part of the
programming no I mean he hires
someone to program everything and that
programmer took advantage of the
work from other servers but dude if
it's true that you registered
the Access code for the game that was previously on
another server dude just like you did
with the name to screw another
smaller server they leave you in a
position not only of arrogance and
arrogance but also of a
completely idiotic idiot and then come with
that you've had 70 microinfarcts Well the
truth is that it seems to me like having a
very thick skin and playing with those things
on top of that many people in the chat
accuse rebor that he owes apologies
to many people to which he admits that yes
but always because he believed many
things from other people you should apologize
to many people man logically I am
not aware of all this because to
me I said surely there is nothing there would have been this
Look for Marbella
origin I don't know what and nothing appeared I say
damn So there is nothing because of that
Test rule So there is nothing and I
believed it in fact gata also had to
come out to apologize because she had
been on fire on Twitter throwing
[ __ ] at everyone who was saying what
in the end they had to recognize and
not only on Twitter but  also
in their live streams and it's a
pretty half-baked apology from these people
because apart from not acknowledging their
share of the blame and all the [ __ ] they've
been doing in recent days
They still say that they are going to
continue forward with the
defamation proceedings against some media outlets
and the issue of lawyers for
our part we were not going to
take the issue of the
programming issue but the defamation issue
because one thing is that he stole the
skips bex and another is that they accuse
rep of stealing when everyone knows
that rep is a streamer and is an administrator and
is head of stab he is not a programmer at
no time in his life has he said that he has
studied or worked as a
programmer and everyone knows that I
studied programming
telecommunications law at no
time in his life has he said that he has
studied or worked as a programmer
studied programming rebor claims that he does
not consider himself at all arrogant or
intelligent and Look where
I am in this I am more in agreement with
Juan Guarnizo who has not missed the
opportunity to hit
rebor again And  I also saw the evolution
of that issue that yesterday again the
attitude of the courts and today it is the
courts but I don't know I don't believe it
eh I'm very sorry today he came across as the
insensitive one on duty I'm very sorry but it's
not the first time I've seen it it's not
the first time I've seen that modus
operandi so I don't believe it and it's that he does
n't believe his words or his asing
absolutely not at all Jacki for her
part also responded and said that rebor
took the right path Although she
obviously doesn't believe 100% of
the whole excuse that rebor has made in
addition Jacki points out that he hasn't
apologized to betra or the
girls about the tattoos and that she does
consider him an arrogant person
I also agree with
Jacki completely here also if you accuse
Paty of what you accused her of
reselling and so on I think the
global rp server is copied from Marbella I think it
has no kind of
consonance as I said yesterday so I don't
think that right now you have
regretted it the same as with betra Why do
you regret it because you said  They
sent you a donation, do you regret what you
said about Betra and you said,
yes, I really regret it, and what I
said to Betra, why do you regret
what Betra says if it has nothing to
do with global rp, things that
really upset me, I've also
heard you say that you have a kind of
stigma that you have a lot of
ego and all that, but that you don't believe in ego, I
don't know what's up, Rebor, you have a lot of ego,
a lot of ego, it's not bad, eh, having ego
isn't bad, but saying that you don't have it
when you have a lot of it, that's
bad. Also, an important thing that
Jackin also says is that if the
theft hadn't involved
Marbella bis and it had been from another
smaller server or whatever, well, it would
surely have gone
unnoticed, nobody would have made a bad impression on it and it
would have stayed there, look, for
example, what had happened to him with the
others on that little server, they
finally had to change his
name and register it days later because
these people were dirty, you
know what happens and I was  talking
the other day that if origin hadn't
made Marbella and had stolen an
origin base nothing would have happened it's it's that's it's
a fact without touching the
crossbar it's a fact rebor finally in
that Stream in which he lowers his head
and picks up the cable and starts to serc an
acting for me a little pathetic the
truth is to start crying for that the
same balls no And the same
forcefulness that you have had to
warn of lawsuits and register and all
that paraphernalia that we have seen at the
beginning of the video have it to look at the
camera recognize everything you have done
wrong and apologize to everyone you
have to apologize to I already said
we were because I do not intend to
enter that [ __ ] server again and I swear to
God that please I beg you
programmers whoever is closed that [ __ ]
server finally closes directly
stating that he does not want to know anything about the
programmer and that he has ordered to close
the server immediately so well
surely the next few days when
things are calmer surely
after the end of the year it is quite
likely that we will see another new release
by rebor and very  surely we will
see him announcing a new server
But well maybe I'm wrong and well
family here we are leaving This little
video I wanted to have this video here on
the main channel commenting on this
controversy also because we have applauded
rebor when I have seen it in the past but
in this one the truth is that he has shown a
face that I have not liked at
all I mean it has seemed pathetic to me,
ridiculous and all because of being arrogant
I think that on many occasions it has been
seen that they have not patted him
on the back because he has seen himself based on
not speaking so forcefully and in
this without checking it being
completely wrong he has come
forward and has come up with himself without
checking things tell me those of you who
know more about this world of
GTA and Royal Play that he is a person
who moves in that circle no he does not
realize these things or rather they have to
throw it in his face for him to have
realized with these attitudes that he has had
in this controversy and with many others he
paints me a somewhat peculiar figure a somewhat
strange personality on the
part of rebor comes to mind
for example  When Auron said that Rebor
was a person not to be around,
who knows if one day we'll know what
happened there. And well, family, here we are
leaving the video. Of course, I'm looking forward to
knowing your opinion on the
whole subject. Likewise, tomorrow there will surely be a video on this channel and I will remind you again. But on the 28th at 8 in the evening, we'll see each other here. Don't forget the cinema. I promised you cinema. A huge kiss. Enjoy the families. See you soon in the next video. By